Add template for issues (#866)
eclipse-pass/main: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/standard-issue.md

---
name: Standard Issue
about: Standard information for PASS issues
title: ''
labels: ''
assignees: ''

---

> Please answer the following questions for yourself before submitting an issue. 

Reviewer: Shouldn't this line and the following be moved inside the Prerequisites section? They only appear to apply in that context.

Author: Agreed to make the change.

**YOU SHOULD DELETE THE PREREQUISITES SECTION.**

# Prerequisites

- [ ] Is the title clear and understandable at a glance?

> - [ ] Is a label present?

Reviewer: More detail would be useful here, as projects use labels in different ways. Someone coming to PASS from outside won't know what this means. Are labels required for all issue tickets? What labels are recommended?

Reviewer 2: Maybe something like: "Labels are not required for all tickets, but they are helpful for prioritization. Please check the labels drop-down to see if any of the pre-set labels work for your ticket."

Author: Change is a label present to indicate is optional. Include the suggested text.

# What? 

> Can be written as a user story (“As a user, I want to, so that I can…) or a simple goal/purpose.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Can be written as a user story (“As a user, I want to, so that I can…") or a simple goal/purpose.
```

# Why?

> Why we are doing this work (the value this gives to the user - whether an end-user, the development team, other institutions, etc.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Why should this work be done (the value this provides to end users or other project participants)
```

# How?

> Implementation details

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Implementation details - If you have an approach in mind, list it here. This is optional.
```

# Acceptance Criteria 

> The issue is done when these things are accomplished. This is only added if applicable, as sometime the issue itself - especially purely technical issues - are the acceptance criteria.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
What must be true for this work to be considered complete and correct? Include if applicable.
```
